1. O que é TDD?
- Test-driven development (TDD) is a software development process originated from Extreme
Programming (XP) invented by Kent Beck, which relies on the repetition of a number of short
and continuous development cycles.

- TDD can lead to more modularized, flexible, and extensible code; the early and frequent
nature of the testing helps to catch defects early in the development cycle, preventing them
from becoming endemic and expensive problems. In addition to this, its principle completely
practices "keep it simple, stupid" (KISS) and "You ain't gonna need it" (YAGNI).


2. O que é BDD?

- BDD is based on TDD; it inherits all the benefits and many of the principles/practices from
TDD, but moves one step forward—BDD combines TDD with ideas from domain-driven design
(DDD) and object-oriented analysis and design which provide software development teams
and business people with shared tools and a shared process to collaborate on software
development.

- BDD focuses on implementing the minimum marketable feature (MMF) that will yield the
most value. The business team and the development team can cooperate on a common
language; this significantly reduces misunderstanding and eliminates waste, unnecessary
code, and functionality.

3. Quais as etapas para escrita de um BDD?

The typical process can be described in the following steps:
1.	 Add a feature test.
2.	 Run all tests and see if the new one fails.
3.	 Write some code.
4.	 Run the automated tests and see them succeed.
5.	 Refactorize the code.
6.	 Repeat steps 1 to 5.


4. O que é Cucumber?

- Cucumber is a tool for BDD-style development widely used in the Ruby on Rails platform.
It introduced a domain-specific language (DSL) named Gherkin to allow the execution of
feature documentation written in business-facing text, and implement acceptance test code
in other languages (for example Ruby).

- Cucumber sets up a great bridge between business people and development teams.
Its natural and human readable language ultimately eliminates misunderstanding, and
the regular expression "translation" layer provides the ability for developers to do anything
magical and powerful


5. O que é uma feature?

- Feature files (their extension is .feature ): Each feature is captured as a "story",
which defines the scope of the feature along with its acceptance criteria.

- A feature contains a feature title and a description of one or more scenarios. One scenario contains describing steps.

- The feature is a business-readable, domain-specific language.

- A feature
contains a feature title and a description of one or more scenarios. One scenario
contains describing steps.

Feature: <feature title>
<feature description>

6. O que é um cenário?

- Scenario: This elaborates how the feature ought to behave.

- Its format is as follows:

Scenario: <Scenario short description>
Given <some initial context>
When <an event occurs>
Then <ensure some outcomes>

7. O que são as etapas?

- A step definition is essentially a block of code associated
with one or more steps by a regular expression (or, in simple cases, an exact
equivalent string).




6. Pontos importantes:

- In the BDD style, when a developer starts writing a test case, unlike writing a test method in
TDD, he/she writes a "feature" belonging to a "story" which describes the feature's expected
behavior.

- 
